[datadog_dashboard_v2] Add Query Value comparison support (#3991)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/dashboard_v2.md

- `primary_tag_value` (String) Filter APM data by the second primary tag. `primary_tag_name` must also be specified.

<a id="nestedblock--widget--bar_chart_definition--request--query--apm_metrics_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.bar_chart_definition.request.query.apm_metrics_query`

Required:

- `data_source` (String) The data source for APM metrics queries. Valid values are `apm_metrics`.
- `name` (String) Name of this query to use in formulas.
- `stat` (String) APM metric stat name. Valid values are `errors`, `error_rate`, `errors_per_second`, `latency_avg`, `latency_max`, `latency_p50`, `latency_p75`, `latency_p90`, `latency_p95`, `latency_p99`, `latency_p999`, `latency_distribution`, `hits`, `hits_per_second`, `total_time`, `apdex`.

Optional:

- `group_by` (List of String) Optional fields to group the query results by.

> - `operation_mode` (String) Optional operation mode used to aggregate across operation names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `group_by` (List of String) Fields to group the query results by.
- `operation_mode` (String) Operation mode used to aggregate across operation names.
```

Reviewer: "Optional" is redundant here, so suggesting to drop it here and in all other occurrences under an "Optional" heading as on line 715.
